# Migrate from version 0.14.0 to 0.15.0

## Update in `DefaultPlugin`

- Remove parameters `events` in `init` method of `DefaultPlugin`, now is send in constructor:

```js
// Before:
new DefaultPlugin({
  pluginData: null,
  pluginDrawer: null,
  pluginMetadata: null,
  pluginParser: null,
  pluginRenderer: null,
});

// After:
new DefaultPlugin({
  event: { next: () => {} },
  pluginData: null,
  pluginDrawer: null,
  pluginMetadata: null,
  pluginParser: null,
  pluginRenderer: null,
});
```

## Update in `DefaultData`

- Update constructor:

```js
// Before:
new DefaultData(props);

// After:
new Defaultdata(props, { next: () => {} });
```

- Add new method `emitEvent()`.
- `DefaultData` contains all event logs in `DefaultData.eventLogs`.

## Update in `DefaultDrawer`

- Update constructor:

```js
// Before:
new DefaultDrawer(
  pluginData,
  resources,
  {
    SelectEvent: null,
    UpdateEvent: null,
  },
  rootId,
  options,
);

// After:
new DefaultDrawer(
  pluginData,
  resources,
  rootId,
  options,
);
```
- Remove `width` and `height` from this class and constructor `options`.
- Remove methods:
  - `setEvents`.
  - `emitUpdateEvent`.
- `createLink` method now have `componentId` in parameters.

## Update in `DefaultMetadata`

- `parse` method now have `parentEventId` in parameters, to attach sub-event to the parent.
- `initLinkDefinitions` method now have `parentEventId` in parameters, to attach sub-event to the parent.

## Update in `DefaultParser`

- `parse` method now have `parentEventId` in parameters, to attach sub-event to the parent.
- `parseConfiguration` method now have `parentEventId` in parameters, to attach sub-event to the parent.

## Update in `DefaultRender`

- `render` method now have `parentEventId` in parameters, to attach sub-event to the parent.
- `renderFiles` method now have `parentEventId` in parameters, to attach sub-event to the parent.
- `renderConfiguration` method now have `parentEventId` in parameters, to attach sub-event to the parent.
