# Migrate from version 0.18.0 to 0.XX.0

## Update in `DefaultDrawer `

- Added parameter `layout` in constructor:

```js
// Before:
new DefaultDrawer(
  pluginData,
  resources, // optional
  rootId,    // optional
  options    // optional
);

// After:
new DefaultDrawer(
  pluginData,
  resources, // optional
  rootId,    // optional
  options,   // optional
  layout     // optional, defaults to `new ElkLayout(this.pluginData)`
);
```
- Add `renameComponentId` method to rename a component ID and update all its occurence inside link/reference attribute type.

## Update in `Component`

- Add methods: 
    - `setId` to update the component ID.
    	- If you have a specific id format to handle, override this method.
    - `createAttribute` to create a new instance of ComponentAttribute with the provided properties.
    	- If you've created your own attribute class by extending the ComponentAttribute class, override this method to return an instance of the new class.
    - `getAttributesByType` to retrieve attributes corresponding to the given type.
 

## Update in `ComponentAttribute`

- Constructor now contains the following code to specifically manage links and references:

```js
if (this.definition?.type === 'Reference') {
  this.setReferenceValue(value);
} else if (this.definition?.type === 'Link') {
  if (value && Array.isArray(value)) {
    this.value = [];
    [...value].forEach((id) => this.addLink(id));
  }
}
```

- If you have a specific format for references to handle, you can override these added methods:
  - `getReferenceValue`
  - `setReferenceValue`

  Example with Terraform plugin:

  We want the reference value to have this format: `${definition.containerRef}.${value}`.
  For References, `this.value` is a string, so we rewrite `getReferenceValue` to return only the `${value}` part of the valid format. We also rewrite `setReferenceValue` to set `this.value` equals to the wanted valid format.

- If you have a specific format for links to handle, you can override these added methods:
  - `getLinkValue`
  - `addLink`
  - `removeLink`
  - `replaceLink`
 
  Example with Terraform plugin:

	We want the link value to have this format: `${definition.linkRef}.${id}.${definition.linkAttribute}`.
	For Links, `this.value` is an array of string, so we rewrite `getLinkValue` to return only the `${id}` part of the valid format for each element of `this.value`. We also rewrite `addLink` to push inside `this.value` the wanted valid format.
