# Migrate from version 0.23.0 to 0.24.0

## Rendering update

### Add new types of model in resources

Before, we used to store icons that are used by Leto-Modelizer and the svg models of component, in the resources.

Now you can store svg model of link and link's marker.

See new version of [svg guide](https://github.com/ditrit/leto-modelizer-plugin-core/blob/main/guides/svg/template.md) for more information.

You can use svg icons directly in your svg model of component with this method:

```jsx
<svg ...>
(...)
{{ getIcon('YOUR_ICON_NAME') | safe }}
(...)
</svg>
```

### Update of model rendering

See new version of [svg guide](https://github.com/ditrit/leto-modelizer-plugin-core/blob/main/guides/svg/template.md) for more information.

## Class update

### In `Component`

Added method to indicate if component can contain provided type

```js
const component = new Component(...);
component.canContain('anotherType'); // return boolean
```

### In `ComponentDefinition`

Removed properties:
- `preventChildrenMovement`
- `childrenPerLine`

Added properties:
- `workflowDirection`: Workflow direction, can be horizontal or vertical. Only used in component container.
- `linkModel`: Name of SVG template to render the link of this component. Only used in component workflow container.
- `defaultWidth`: Default width that will be set on creation.
- `defaultHeight`: Default height that will be set on creation.
- `minWidth`: Minimum width of the component.
- `minHeight`: Minimum height of the component.
- `reservedWidth`: Width reserved in the component for display. Only used in component container.
- `reservedHeight`: Height reserved in the component for display. Only used in component container.
- `margin`: Margin inside the components zone. Only used in component container.
- `gap`: Gap between component inside the components zone. Only used in component container.

See new version of [svg guide](https://github.com/ditrit/leto-modelizer-plugin-core/blob/main/guides/svg/template.md) for more information about sizing and spacing. 

### In `ComponentAttributeDefinition`

Removed properties:
- `linkColor`
- `linkWidth`
- `linkDashStyle`

Replaced by `linkModel`, now link have svg model for customisation. 

This property is the name of SVG model to render the link of component.

### In `ComponentDrawOption`

Removed properties:
- `needsResizing`
- `needsPositioning`
- `manuallyResized`

Because it is now dependant of x,y, width and height of drawOption by the `DefaultLayout`.

Add property `hide` to indicate if component have to be hidden.

### In `ComponentLink`

Add property `name` to identify anchor used by the link.

### In `ComponentLinkDefinition`

Removed properties:
- `color`
- `width`
- `dashStyle`
- `marker`

Now link have svg model for customisation.

Added properties:
- `model`: Name of SVG template to render the link.
- `isTemporary`: Indicate if link is temporary.

See new version of [svg guide](https://github.com/ditrit/leto-modelizer-plugin-core/blob/main/guides/svg/template.md) for more information about link model.

### In `DefaultConfiguration`

Removed properties:
- `elkParams`
- `singleComponentParams`

Added properties:
- `extraResources`: List of extra resources to register you can set. An extra resource is model name that can't be set in Component.

Example:
```js
new DefaultConfiguration({
  extraResources: [{
    type: 'icons', // Type of resources can be markers, links and icons. You can set models, but only component can use models.
    name: 'test',  // Name of SVG model to render the resource. 
  }],
});
```

- `rootContainer`: Configuration of root container in the scene.

Example:
```js
new DefaultConfiguration({
  rootContainer: [{
    margin: 10, // Margin inside the root container.
    gap: 20,    // Gap between component inside the root container.
  }],
});
```

- `container`: Default configuration of all container in the scene.

Example:
```js
new DefaultConfiguration({
  container: [{
    margin: 10, // Margin inside container.
    gap: 20,    // Gap between component inside container.
  }],
});
```

- `keysBinding`: Set of keyboard shortcuts for actions performing.

### In `DefaultData`

Added properties:
- `resources`: move here from `DefaultDrawer`, all svg models.
- `scene`: All scene options.

Example:
```js
new DefaultData({
  scene: [{
    x: 0,               // Translation x of the scene.
    y: 0,               // Translation y of the scene.
    zoom: 1,            //  Zoom factor of the scene.
    selection: [],      // List of ids of selected components.
    selectionRef: null, // Type on container selection. If null it refers to root container.
  }],
});
```

Added methods:

- `getComponentDepth(id)`: Get component depth. Start at 0.
- `canHaveLink(type)`: Indicate if type can have a link.
- `canBeLinked(source, target)`: Indicate if type can be linked with another.
- `createTemporaryLink(source, anchorName)`: Create temporary link.

### In `DefaultPlugin`

Remove methods `resetDrawerActions` and `repositionComponent`.

Added methods:
- `initDrawer(id, readOnly)` to init drawing context of plugin.
- `resize(id)`: Resize the container to its minimum size.

Update methods:
- `draw(id, readOnly)` to `draw()`: all process from id and readOnly is taken by `initDrawer` now.
- `async arrangeComponentsPosition(containerId)` to `arrangeComponentsPosition(id, keepPosition)`.
- `addComponent(rootId, definition, path, drawOption)` to `addComponent(parentId, definition, path, event)`:
 
Now we can add component to any container, if you need to add component on root, set `null` to `parentId`.
Property `event` refer to mouse event, not mandatory but use to set default position of component.

### In `DefaultLayout`

Remove method `repositionComponent`.

Add property `viewport` in constructor, refer to D3 selection of the view port.

Added method `resize(id)`: Resize the container to its minimum size.

Update method `async arrangeComponentsPosition(containerId)` to `arrangeComponentsPosition(id, keepPosition)`.

## New class

### `ComponentTemporaryLink`

Use to draw the link that follow the mouse pointer when user begin to draw a link from a component.

Only one can exist at time.

## `DefaultDrawer` update

In this new version we completely refacto the `DefaultDrawer` process.

### Actions

We externalize all actions like `moving component`, `zoom`, `delete` and all others on separate classes.

Before, actions are set on each component, now we set actions on scene and find nearest component to apply action on it.

Now `DefaultDrawer` only set action on html event.

You can find all actions in [`src/draw/actions`](https://github.com/ditrit/leto-modelizer-plugin-core/tree/main/src/draw/actions), for more information.

### Component/Link rendering

We externalize rendering of components and links on separate classes.

Now all rendering are done by nunjucks over d3.

Link can now have start/end marker.

### Layout rendering

We decide to remove usage of ELK, because after a lot of try, ELK is unfortunately  not adapted to our constraints.

So we make a homemade solution to layout rendering.
